.TH SDNM 1
.SH NAME
sdnm \- list symbols from object files. A part of SDCC
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B sdnm
[\fI\,option(s)\/\fR] [\fI\,file(s)\/\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.IP
List symbols in [file(s)] (a.out by default).
The options are:
.TP
\fB\-a\fR, \fB\-\-debug\-syms\fR
Display debugger\-only symbols
.TP
\fB\-A\fR, \fB\-\-print\-file\-name\fR
Print name of the input file before every symbol
.TP
\fB\-B\fR
Same as \fB\-\-format\fR=\fI\,bsd\/\fR
.TP
\fB\-C\fR, \fB\-\-demangle\fR[=\fI\,STYLE\/\fR] Decode low\-level symbol names into user\-level names
The STYLE, if specified, can be `auto' (the default),
`gnu', `lucid', `arm', `hp', `edg', `gnu\-v3', `java'
or `gnat'
.TP
\fB\-\-no\-demangle\fR
Do not demangle low\-level symbol names
.TP
\fB\-D\fR, \fB\-\-dynamic\fR
Display dynamic symbols instead of normal symbols
.TP
\fB\-\-defined\-only\fR
Display only defined symbols
.TP
\fB\-e\fR
(ignored)
.TP
\fB\-f\fR, \fB\-\-format\fR=\fI\,FORMAT\/\fR
Use the output format FORMAT.  FORMAT can be `bsd',
`sysv' or `posix'.  The default is `bsd'
.TP
\fB\-g\fR, \fB\-\-extern\-only\fR
Display only external symbols
.TP
\fB\-l\fR, \fB\-\-line\-numbers\fR
Use debugging information to find a filename and
line number for each symbol
.TP
\fB\-n\fR, \fB\-\-numeric\-sort\fR
Sort symbols numerically by address
.TP
\fB\-o\fR
Same as \fB\-A\fR
.TP
\fB\-p\fR, \fB\-\-no\-sort\fR
Do not sort the symbols
.TP
\fB\-P\fR, \fB\-\-portability\fR
Same as \fB\-\-format\fR=\fI\,posix\/\fR
.TP
\fB\-r\fR, \fB\-\-reverse\-sort\fR
Reverse the sense of the sort
.TP
\fB\-S\fR, \fB\-\-print\-size\fR
Print size of defined symbols
.TP
\fB\-s\fR, \fB\-\-print\-armap\fR
Include index for symbols from archive members
.TP
\fB\-\-size\-sort\fR
Sort symbols by size
.TP
\fB\-\-special\-syms\fR
Include special symbols in the output
.TP
\fB\-\-synthetic\fR
Display synthetic symbols as well
.TP
\fB\-t\fR, \fB\-\-radix\fR=\fI\,RADIX\/\fR
Use RADIX for printing symbol values
.TP
\fB\-\-target\fR=\fI\,BFDNAME\/\fR
Specify the target object format as BFDNAME
.TP
\fB\-u\fR, \fB\-\-undefined\-only\fR
Display only undefined symbols
.TP
\fB\-X\fR 32_64
(ignored)
.TP
@FILE
Read options from FILE
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Display this information
.TP
\fB\-V\fR, \fB\-\-version\fR
Display this program's version number
.PP
/usr/bin/sdnm: supported targets: asxxxx srec symbolsrec binary ihex
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
Report bugs to <http://sourceforge.net/tracker/?group_id=599@report_bugs_to@atid=100599>.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright 2012 Free Software Foundation, Inc.
This program is free software; you may redistribute it under the terms of
the GNU General Public License version 3 or (at your option) any later version.
This program has absolutely no warranty.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
The full documentation for
.B nm
is maintained as a Texinfo manual.  If the
.B info
and
.B nm
programs are properly installed at your site, the command
.IP
.B info nm
.PP
should give you access to the complete manual.
